docs/conventions.md, before:

# Conventions

## Introduction

Disa follows, as much as possible,
the [C++ Core Guidelines](https://isocpp.github.io/CppCoreGuidelines/CppCoreGuidelines).
If there is a need to deviate from this then this should be added to the documentation of the relevant section in
code.

General Conversions:

- One can refer to core guidelines in using `CG-x`, where `x` indicates the rule being referred to.
- Layout: `K&R layout`
- Variable names: `snake_case`
- Classes and defined types names: `Pascal_Snake_Case`
- Macros: `SCREAMING_SNAKE_CASE`
- Line length: 120 characters, however, occasional inline (documentation) commenting may exceed this.
- Tabs: 2 white space characters

## Naming

In order to keep the project ordered and consistent some conventions regarding naming have been adopted.

| #   | Rule                      | Example                         | Rational                                                                             | 
|-----|---------------------------|---------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 1.  | General-to-specific names | Matrix_Sparse, Matrix_Dense     | Helps keep related concepts close together when  alphabetically sorted.              |
| 2.  | Avoid short hand names    | `row` rather than `r`           | Helps readability.                                                                   |
| 3.  | Do not used plural names  | `vector` rather than `vectors`  | Can create bugs when similar objects are only have an 's' different in there names.  |
| 4.  | Prefix templates with `_` | `template<std::size_t _size>`   | While his is a slight deviation of CG-NL.5, it  allows name reuse for class members. |
| 5.  | Prefix indexes with `i_`  | `i_row`                         | Helps readability.                                                                   |

## Documentation and Commenting

All source code should be properly documented in a manner consistent with [doxygen](https://github.com/doxygen/doxygen)
.  
Note that `Disa` uses `@` style for indicating the type of comment, e.g. `@brief Comment`. The main branch's
documentation is generated by [DocsForge](https://docsforge.com), which runs doxygen to generate the documentation page.

Use blocking to separate out sections of code, especially in large files and classes. Below is an example of a block
comment:

```cpp
//---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
// Statically Sized Dense Vector Class
//----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
```

## Do's and don't

- As much as possible avoid macros, and preprocessor directives. Its well documented that the standard is trying to
  slowly remove them.
- Macros that act as functions should be writen in such a way that the `;` is still required at the end of a statement.

Commit message:

graphing: - Added degree function to adjacency_graph.h. - Added the Cuthill McKee and Reverse Cuthill McKee algorithms to the reordering h/cpp files. docs: - Updated conventions.md to include the 'defaulting' unsigned values. - removed docforge references.

docs/conventions.md, after:

# Conventions

## Introduction

Disa follows, as much as possible,
the [C++ Core Guidelines](https://isocpp.github.io/CppCoreGuidelines/CppCoreGuidelines).
If there is a need to deviate from this then this should be added to the documentation of the relevant section in
code.

## General Conventions:

- One can refer to core guidelines in using `CG-x`, where `x` indicates the rule being referred to.
- Layout: `K&R layout`
- Variable names: `snake_case`
- Classes and defined types names: `Pascal_Snake_Case`
- Macros: `SCREAMING_SNAKE_CASE`
- Line length: 120 characters, however, occasional inline (documentation) commenting may exceed this.
- Tabs: 2 white space characters

## Technical Conventions:

- For (vertex/edge) indices `std::numeric_limits<std::size_t>::max()` will be used as the default 'no data' option, 
  since -1 is not available for unsigned types. Rational for `max` is -1 would overflow/roll over to `max`.

## Naming

In order to keep the project ordered and consistent some conventions regarding naming have been adopted.

| #   | Rule                      | Example                         | Rational                                                                             | 
|-----|---------------------------|---------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 1.  | General-to-specific names | Matrix_Sparse, Matrix_Dense     | Helps keep related concepts close together when  alphabetically sorted.              |
| 2.  | Avoid short hand names    | `row` rather than `r`           | Helps readability.                                                                   |
| 3.  | Do not used plural names  | `vector` rather than `vectors`  | Can create bugs when similar objects are only have an 's' different in there names.  |
| 4.  | Prefix templates with `_` | `template<std::size_t _size>`   | While his is a slight deviation of CG-NL.5, it  allows name reuse for class members. |
| 5.  | Prefix indexes with `i_`  | `i_row`                         | Helps readability.                                                                   |

## Documentation and Commenting

All source code should be properly documented in a manner consistent with [doxygen](https://github.com/doxygen/doxygen)
.  
Note that `Disa` uses `@` style for indicating the type of comment, e.g. `@brief Comment`. 

Use blocking to separate out sections of code, especially in large files and classes. Below is an example of a block
comment:

```cpp
//---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
// Statically Sized Dense Vector Class
//----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
```

## Do's and don't

- As much as possible avoid macros, and preprocessor directives. Its well documented that the standard is trying to
  slowly remove them.
- Macros that act as functions should be writen in such a way that the `;` is still required at the end of a statement.
